# Thomas Sheil
## 1.	What is your developer journey so far? What brought you to this major, and why did you take this class?
So far the only development experience I have is from course work through Towson. Last summer, however, I interned for Booz Allen Hamilton as part of the Summer Games Internship program. During this time I was a full stack web developer working with .NET CORE. I am a Computer Science major, but I am a Security Track, not a Software Engineering Track like a I assume a majority of the class is. I chose my major due to a number of influences, but the biggest being the impact that data breaches can have on both companies and their users. I hope to make cyber a safer space for everyone. I took this class because I needed 3 more credits to retain full-time student status. I went with the web development class to better understand web applications. If I am going to be pen testing and auditing websites, it will help to first understand how they are created. 
## 2. What is your ideal career progression, if there were no limitations?
After college I hope to work in the private sector on a red team or as a pen tester. In the private sector I plan to increase my skill set to help secure a job in the government. The job I want for the government is still unclear to me at this time, but it will defintely be centered around cyber security.
## 3. What programming experience do you have? Do you have any web experience?
Currently I have experience with C, C++, C#, Java, Python, MySQL, MSSQL, and .NET CORE. As mentioned earlier, I spent 10 weeks as a full time, full stack web developer. I was working with a team of 5, but I was the computer science major and had to handle the website by myself. Having no previous web development experience, this was a daunting task, but I am extremely proud of the end product. My team and I decided to do a complete microsoft build. We developed with Visual Studio and using .NET CORE 2.0 with Razor Pages. We utilized Microsoft SQL as the database and Azure for the hosting. 
## 4. Link to Code Academy profile 
https://www.codecademy.com/thomas_sheil1
